---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

**What did you do this past week?** Class started on Wednesday, so I spent the first half of the week enjoying free time with family and getting ready for class. Then I came back to campus for the start of classes.

**What's in your way?** My old low-memory laptop. I was hoping I could do my work for this class in the computer lab, but apprently we can't install Docker on the lab computers, so all work must be done on our personal computers. I spent a good part of the week trying to get rid of files to make enough room to download all technologies needed for my 2 CS classes. 

**What will you do next week?** My plan is to download Docker and go through the examples we went over in class. Hopefully everything goes well and I don't run into trouble with the installation. I also want to start learning Python a little so I can be ready to go when we get there in the course.

**Class Experience** The first week of class was mainly going over the class webpage and the technologies we'll be using this semester. We covered a little bit of python, talked about Docker, and started to get into Unit Tests. Professor Downing has a different lecture style than all other courses I've taken, where he goes over examples in class rather than slides or notes of some sort. As of now, I like the approach as I can go home and go through the examples he did in class to make sure I understand what we covered. I think this kind of lecture style is especially helpful in the first week of class to make sure you set up everything correctly.

**Tip of the Week:** Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to get set up, and start doing so early! The first week of school is always hectic, and the frustration of not having thing installing correctly or having random computer problems can ruin your day.