---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week in class we talked about Exceptions and some differences in variable types in Python. Outside of class, I worked on our first project Collatz.

**What's in your way?**  Other class work that is starting to pile on. I have a reading heavy class that makes me not want to do the readings for this class, and another project-heavy CS class that fights for my time with projects in this class. Maybe alternating what homework I do (readings vs projects) instead of doing everything at once will help.

**What will you do next week?**  Next week, I plan to get an early start on Project 2. If I have the time, I might start working on interview prep, as the career fair is coming up in 2 weeks.

**Class Experience**  I liked class this week. Most notable for me was talking about the differences between certain variable types, for example, lists and tuples. I like Professor Downing's way of going through examples to explain this, and how he thinks out loud so we can get a feel for the train of thought we should have when looking at these problems. I was able to follow that kind of train of thought on the quiz, and it helped avoid silly mistakes! 

**Tip of the Week:**  Start early on the projects! They can be time consuming and things will most likely go wrong, so you should plan accordingly. Managing your time with other classes can also be difficult, so having a little extra time can let you experiment with your time management so you can figure out what works best for that semester.
