---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week I started working on IDB5 with my team, which essentially meant catching up on IDB4. Our API was finally working, so we updated our website to reflect the data we collected. We ran into some problems, and started flushing those out this week.

**What's in your way?**  The semester's coming to a close, which means a lot of projects and essays will be due soon. Managing my time will be extremely important these next few days. Also, I got a new AC unit installed, and they broke the water heater in the process somehow, so we don't have hot water for a week until a part comes in. I either get to learn how to shower with ice cold water, or find somewhere else to shower where I won't lose a bunch of time.

**What will you do next week?**  Next week, the team will (hopefully) finish up IDB5. Front end is currently blocked by the backend, so I'm hoping they get some good work done this weekend, so we can keep progressing. I also have to start preparing for an exam in my Android class, as well as keep developing our app, in addition to all my other homework.

**Class Experience**  We started talking about refactoring code in class this week. I've been keeping up with the readings so it wasn't too new to me, but I did like going through the example again. I sometimes have a hard time focusing on code in textbooks and working through the examples, so having Professor Downing walk us through it was nice.

**Tip of the Week:**  Communication is an iterative process. Our team has tried to improve communication with this last phase of IDB, but it's still not perfect. We created a new Slack channel called "Standups", where we do virtual standups at the end of the day; essentially everyone posts a summary of what they worked on, what problems they ran into, and what they'll be working on next. We chose virtual standups because finding a time where the 7 of us could meet up was nearly impossible. The problem with virtual standups is that each person then becomes responsible for checking the chat and reading the posts, as well as posting updates themselves. There's no way of knowing who's read what, and thus you assume everyone is up to date, but that might not be the case.