---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week I got together with my final project group and we brainstormed an idea for the project and divided up the work to be done.

**What's in your way?**  Not enough time. This past week I was very busy with interviews, and next week will again be packed with them, so I don't have much time to do all my homework and work on the project. I also have a busy weekend, so I can't really try to get ahead like I normally would. Just have to push through this coming week and hopefully everything will be okay.

**What will you do next week?**  Next week we need to finish the first phase of our final project. I think work has been split up nicely, so as long as people are being accountable for their part, I don't think the project will be that bad. I will also have a set of onsite interviews and another phone interview to do.

**Class Experience**  I thought this week in class was confusing. I understand the simple decorator examples, but what we had on the quiz was completely over my head. I'll need to go back and review those slides before the next class. We also talked about class and different kinds of methods and variables, and I kept getting things mixed up while we were talking in class. Again, another thing I will need to review.

We also started our group project this week. I stepped up as team leader for this project because I'm a very organized person and I felt reassured knowing what work needed to be done and dividing it up into tasks. Having a game plan reduces a lot of stress for me. For the next two projects, I will have to learn to have faith in the next team leader, and I hope that they will be pretty organized so I don't stress out too much.

**Tip of the Week:**  Try to get your group together as soon as possible to come up with an idea. I feel like getting the idea is hard enough, but you also have to coordinate between the schedules of 6 or 7 people. We also had multiple ideas that we could have chosen, and other groups had similar ideas, so if you're unlucky, you could work towards one idea and have another group call it before you.