---
layout: post
title: Week #4
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This week, I mainly did homework for other classes while waiting to meet up with my partner to work on the Netflix project. We started working on it in the middle of the week, and will continue this weekend and into next week, if necessary.

**What's in your way?**  Not much. I feel a little uncertain about how we're doing our Netflix project; I feel like we might be making it more complicated than it needs to be, but at this point I can't pinpoint exactly what I think is off. We're also having trouble getting everything to build on Travis-CI. I think our makefile might need another look.

**What will you do next week?**  I will continue working on the Netflix project with my partner. I am also going to the Career Fair on Tuesday, so things will probably get busy these next few weeks as I interview and try to figure out where I want to intern next summer. 

**Class Experience**  This week in class we talked a little more about Python, mostly how it caches things and how operators work. We also had a talk from an ex-student of Professor Downing, who talked about Bloomberg (where he works full time) and how they use technologies similar to what Professor Downing makes us use on the projects.

I thought the Bloomberg talk was spot on. I've had a few internships at different companies, so I'm familiar with the general software development practice. What the presenter talked about was consistent with my experiences, so I think that for someone who hasn't had an internship yet, the talk could give them a good idea of what software development is like. Every company that I've been at used something for issue tracking, continuous integration, code reviews, static analysis... pretty much everything mentioned in the talk. The tools vary by company, but the general concepts are the same. 

I'm also starting to wonder what the exams in this class will look like. We've mostly been talking about Python and how the language works, so I'm assuming it'll be over that? That seems a little weird to me, as this isn't a Python class, so hopefully we'll get more details later on.

**Tip of the Week:**  Know when you need a break. You can get caught up with all the work you need to do, but sometimes you need to take a step back and relax a little. A 30 minute TV break won't ruin your whole life, and you'll feel refreshed and ready to get back at it when it's over.