---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week I studied for and took our first exam. I also made my cheat sheet.

**What's in your way?**  Not much. I'm mainly working on homework from other classes at the moment. Projects for this class will be picking back up, so it'll be fun adding them back into my workload. 

**What will you do next week?**  I'm assuming the requirements of Project 3 will be uploaded and that we'll be starting on that. I will also have to study for an exam in another class, and I have three interviews scheduled for next week. 

**Class Experience**  We had our first exam this week, and I didn't think it was that bad. When Professor Downing put up what topics might be covered on the exam, he mentioned that it might be a good idea for us to come up with our own test questions and work those out. I did that and ended up coming up with 3 of the exam questions, so I felt pretty good about those. I also think that with a little bit more studying, I could have come up with the other 3 problems. In that sense, I think the questions were fair and relevant to what we talked about in class. 

There were a few minor things that I found annoying about the exam. When the questions were longer, it was hard to have the full question description and your code up on the screen, so you often had to scroll back and forth. I don't really know how this could be solved because I found the longer question descriptions super helpful and definitely want them on the next exam. Super minor, but I also wish the text boxes could be defaulted to the "Preformatted" font, so we don't have to change that for every question. And I'm sure this is just a Canvas problem, but having tabs would be nice as well. Counting how many spaces you're hitting kind of throws off your train of thought. But these are all minor things that I can deal with, it would just make for a better expereience if they were solved.

**Tip of the Week:**  To study for the exams, I recommend going over all the files we went over in class and summarizing them and understanding what is going on.