---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week, I finished up the Netflix project with my partner. I also went to the Friends of Computer Science Career Brunch, and started preparing for interviews.

**What's in your way?**  An exam in my government class, an Android project, and interviews. The first exam in government is coming up, and I'm not too sure what to expect, so I plan to study a lot. I also have a week to create a game of Tetris for Mobile Computing, and I'm not sure how difficult it will be, but those assignments usually take me at least 10 to 15 hours to complete. I also have to prepare for internship interviews, as I have a few coming up.

**What will you do next week?**  I will try to get all my other homework out of the way and continue preparing for interviews, so that way I can focus on this class the following week (the exam is coming up!).

**Class Experience**  I thought this week's class was alright. We talked about the reduce function, and some about Root Mean Square Error. We also had a talk from someone at JPL.

I thought the talk from Jet Propulsion Labs was super cool. I liked how the presenter set up the talk, explaining what the basic problem was, what one solution was (panoramas) and what was wrong with it, and then what they did to improve upon that. The tools they made looked really useful, and I was surprised at how quickly they were responding to user actions.

I've also been getting a little frustrated by the daily quizzes lately. I was doing fine for the first few weeks, getting all the questions right, but lately I'm been missing one or two, and out of three total questions, that's pretty bad. I plan on reviewing the material before class next time, and hopefully I can get back on that 5 streak.

**Tip of the Week:**  Be ready to interview when you go to the career fair. I was slacking off, thinking I still had the time to prepare later, and I got a handful of interview requests to interview within 2 days of the career fair, while the companies where still in Austin. It's super stressful to have to last minute cram, and there's no way your interview can go well if you do.