---
layout: post
title: Week #
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week I worked with my team on IDB2. I was on front end, so I set everything up with Angular and was awaiting our API so I could make the website dynamic. Unfortunately, the API was not working and we were untable to complete Phase 2. 

**What's in your way?**  I was going to say not having a working API, but a group member figured it out Friday after class, so we should be okay for the next phase. In my Android class, I need to have a minimum viable app by Friday, and we haven't done much, so I'll probably be spending a lot of time on that.

**What will you do next week?**  We will hopefully get a good start on Phase 3, and I will be working on an Android app for another class.

**Class Experience**  This week was all about xml, json, and sql. I think having these lectures about 2 weeks ago, when we were starting Phase 2, would have been real nice. The group member that was in charge of the database struggled a little because it was something he had never done before, so having this lecture may have helped a little.

**Tip of the Week:**  Communication is key in group projects. I was in charge of converting the front end to Angular2 this phase, so I was able to do that while other members collected the data, worked on the database, and worked on the API. However, I had no idea how much progress they had made. So I did everything I could without data, and then I was just chilling. I think there might have been some miscommunication about who was supposed to do what, so the database and API were started late, and that ended up costing us in the end. 