---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week my group and I worked to finish the last phase of the project. We were more proactive and put in extra hours earlier in the week, so despite not finishing the previous phase, we were able to catch up and finish the project!

**What's in your way?**  For this class, not much. For everything else, not enough time. There's only 2 weeks left of class, and I still have a lot of things to do. There's only one class in particular that I'm worried about, my Android Development class, because we have an exam next week (that the professor said would be easy, but I doubt it) and we have to create an Android app by the end of the semester. We have a basic one, but they made it seem like we needed to do a lot more with it.

**What will you do next week?**  Next week is a short week because of Thanksgiving. Our team planned to meetup on Monday to figure out D3.js and presentation details, and then I'll be studying for my Android exam. During Thanksgiving break, I'll be writing a final essay for my French class, working on our Android app, and hopefully also studying for the last exam for this class.

**Class Experience**  This week in class we talked about dynamic binding in Java, singleton patterns, and reflection. I thought dynamic binding was interesting, because it's something I've skirted around before in previous classes, but no one actually worked through examples with us and clearly said "Hey, this is what's going on". I think that's probably what I like most about Professor Downing's style of teaching, that he walks you through examples and verbalizes the train of thought you should be having when working through these kinds of problems.

We also had one last company talk by Spiceworks this week. I thought the talk was alright. I had interviewed with them in the past, so I already knew about them, and the concepts they talked about were pretty similar to what the other company's talked about.

The last exam is coming up soon, and I'm curious as to what this one will look like. For the previous exam, the material was all Python, so it was obvious we would be writing Python code. For this second half of the semester, we did a little Python (playing catch up since we were behind on class material), and we also touched SQL and Java, as well as some XML, JSON, and regular expressions. The Java was mostly related to refactoring, or topics that helped understand why a refactoring was done, so I'm not sure if that will show up on the exam. Hopefully Professor Downing will post something soon so I can start organizing my studying.

**Tip of the Week:**  Just because you didn't finish a previous phase of the project, doesn't mean you can't come back, play catchup and also complete the next phase of the project. My team was lacking an API at the end of the second phase, and in the 2 weeks we had to do Phase 3, we essentially did half of Phase 2 plus all of Phase 3. It feels really good to be able to make a comeback. Communication is key, as well and starting early and pushing through it.