---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week in class, we talked a lot about our first project, Collatz, as well as exceptions. Outside of class, I started on the project and have a basic solution working. I finally gave up on Docker (Docker and Windows are NOT friends) and decided I would work on the lab machines instead. Hopefully with Travis CI, my project will conform to the tools Docker provides us and everything will work out okay.


**What's in your way?**  Thinking of more optimizations for Project 1. In class we mentioned a few optimizations, as well as a cache, but apart from that, I'm not sure what else can be done to solve to problem faster. 


**What will you do next week?**  Finish Project 1. I have a basic solution working, but I still need to optimize it so that it will pass on Sphere. I also need to write more tests and pull the public test repo so I can test my code with other students' tests.


**Class Experience**  A good part of the week was spent talking about Collatz. Part of the discussion of the project was direct, like "Hey, these are the steps you should probably do", whereas some of the discussion was indirect and stemmed from quiz questions. I found it interesting that Professor Downing gave us a few optimizations in class, instead of making us work for them on our own, but I really liked that we went over them together and I definitely feel like I understand them better and know what to look for to find the next optimization. 

We also talked about Exceptions, and I really liked how Professor Downing made us act like Exceptions did not exist, and we had to imitate the behavior in some other way. It was pretty cool to see the evolution of the code and the faults of each example. You understand why exceptions are useful afterwards.


**Tip of the Week:**  When working on a project and writing up issues, I suggest writing them down on paper first. I just went straight into GitHub and started writing them up as they came, and I didn't find that a good process. My train of thought jumped all over the place chronologically, as I would create an issue for whatever came to mind, skipping steps. Some issues also ended up too big, and I don't think you can "tear up an issue" and split it into several issues on GitHub; you might just have to close out that issue and create new ones, and in my opinion, that looks messy. By writing down the issues first, you can see everything you have and order them, as well as split them up if you need to; once everything looks good, it's quick and easy to add them all online.