---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week in class we talked about list comprehensions, the yield keyword, and generators.

**What's in your way?**  Nothing much, I just have a lot of homework in other classes, but I hope to get it all done this weekend so I can study for the exam during the week.

**What will you do next week?**  I will be studying for the exam during the week by going over all of the class examples. I also need to keep up the interview preparation.

**Class Experience**  This week in class was pretty much like any other week. I thought list comprehensions were pretty cool, and I found it interesting to discuss whether some function or action was lazy or eager; it's not something I've ever really considered before, but I can definitely see why it's important to know whether the action you're invoking is lazy or eager.

I also thought generators were pretty interesting. I had heard about them at a tech talk a few weeks ago, so I was a little familiar with them. I'm happy the talk exposed them to me, because I think otherwise I might have been a little confused about how they function and why they could be useful. Hearing about them again in class helped reinforce what I knew. 

I'm a little surprised that Professor Downing hasn't said anything about the format of the exam. He keeps saying "Hey, the exam is on this date", but we haven't had any more details. If I remember correctly, it'll be taken through Canvas, but I have no idea if it'll be one big coding question or a bunch of little ones, or if it'll be like one very long quiz.

**Tip of the Week:**  I have found LeetCode to be a good resource for preparing for interviews. They have a wide variety of coding problems and when you submit your code, they run it against a bunch of test cases. HackerRank also recently released a Cracking the Code Interview tutorial with a bunch of problems as well, so I might try that out too.