---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week I worked on Phase 2 of the project and caught up on homework from other classes since I was out of town last weekend.

**What's in your way?**  I have a few big essays due in the next two weeks, as well as minimum viable Android app (though that due date will most likely be pushed back). My main concern is getting the data for Phase 2 of our project. I'm working on the front end, and will need to data to finish up the site. 

**What will you do next week?**  I'm going to finish up the front end of our Phase 2 project, and maybe pick up some other work on the project if the team needs help.

**Class Experience**  This week in class wasn't too eventful. We talked about regular expressions, which I have always struggled with. I understand why they can be helpful, and I've had to use them in industry, but coming up with the correct expression to find exactly what you are looking for can be difficult.

We also had a talk by Pariveda Solutions, mainly about what they do, their work flow and techonologies they use, and suggestions to us about how to best prepare for full time.

There was no class on Friday thanks to the UTCS 50th anniversary, so I went in the lab and worked on Phase 2 some more.

**Tip of the Week:**  Remember to take some time to relax, even when it seems like there's so much to do with so little time. I tend to stress about school, and this semester has been so much worse than previous semesters because I have two project heavy classes, something I've never done before. Both are also group projects, so that also adds a layer of stress. People tend to get sick when they stress out a lot, so not only will you feel better after relaxing, but you can avoid getting sick and not being in top shape when it really matters.
