---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week I worked with my group to finish up our presentation and listened to others present in class. I also studied for and took the final exam for this class.

**What's in your way?**  Not much, the end of the semester is approaching!

**What will you do next week?**  I finish classes (and exams) Monday night, so I will be spending next week with family that came in for my brother's wedding, before enjoying my winter break.

**Class Experience**  Overall, this was a pretty solid class. Professor Downing's teaching style is a little different than other professors, but I think his format fit this class nicely. I like how he explains his train of thought and calls out on people to make sure everyone is following along. I know some people might be afraid of getting called on and embarassing themselves if they don't know the answer, but Professor Downing is a patient man and will help you understand what is going on.

The class material was definitely different than any other class I've had, as we discussed mostly Python, plus some refactorings in Java and some other programming essentials like SQL, XML, and regular expressions, among others. I think it's nice to be exposed to all of these topics, so that someone can have an idea of what's out there and have a basic understanding of some common tools/concepts.

I thought the final project was a good learning experience and teaches some of the lessons that you get at an internship. You learn to coordinate with a team (though in my opinion, teamwork is eaiser in the real work than in school), and we had to learn some technologies on the fly to produce something. The time span for the project was pretty short, but the project itself wasn't too in depth, so I think the timing isn't that big of a deal. I recommend future students to take the two weeks after the first exam and before the start of the project to play around with the techonologies you'll be using and learn a little more about them. Getting started is always the hardest part (for me, at least) so if you can cut down on your startup time, you'll have a huge advantage.

**Tip of the Week:**  Whenever people think about planning for a project, they'll sketch out the views and how they interact. However, sometimes it's also helpful to research the implementation of things. For example, in the app I'm making for my Android class, we wanted to have some tabbed navigation where you can swipe the screen to move through tabs. However, our project was not set up correctly, so we were unable to have the fancy feature we would have liked and had to settle for a simplier implementation. 