---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

**What did you do this past week?**  This past week was mainly spent finishing up Phase 1 of the IDB project. 

**What's in your way?**  I'm out of town for the weekend, so I probably won't get much homework done. I also have an exam on Monday in another class, so what little time I have to do homework will be dedicated to studying for that exam. This means the start of next week will probably be spent playing catchup instead of getting a head start on the next phase of the project.

**What will you do next week?**  I plan on catching up on homework and starting on Phase 2 of the IDB project with my team.

**Class Experience** This week in class, we started talking about SQL functions and implementing them in Python. It's essentially what we've been doing all semester, just changing topics. I like implementing functions like this, because it helps me understand how the function really works and I feel like that's more useful than just memorizing what everything does. 

**Tip of the Week:**  In those two weeks after the exam and before the start of the project, I highly recommend that you do tutorials over the technologies you'll need to use for the project (listed on the class webpage). I think there's a good amount of time that's needed to understand a technology well enough to be able to use it effectively. If you wait until the start of the project, you'll be tempted to skip learning about the technology and rather just start coding, and you'll miss out on using some of the helpful features of that technology, or have poor planning.